Yu Xincheng, you?
Your Majesty, Xincheng didn’t mean this.
Xincheng was just worried about the emperor. Linglong was also worried about the emperor,
I want to treat the emperor, but you are not too naive to accept the troops.
I really didn't mean it.
It's just that the emperor is weak now,
I can't afford any time now. Right.
Since the emperor drank the medicine of Gui Wangfei,
The poison of wealth. Then fly with the King of Sin,
Please can't take off the joy.
Someone is coming, hold him down. stop.
Why don't you want to resist me, but you don't dare?
I only learned it
Before the matter is investigated clearly
But you can't listen to the villain's tea-eyes
And I wish for someone, the Queen Mother
You don’t mean this to me, Omi
Since you think that the King of Japan must have been hooked up
Then can you come up with it? Yes
If you don't have the same
Just sister Baobi
That's why I'm stationed here for you, the Queen Mother
The wife of the minister believes in being honest with oneself
Please wait until my wife's appearance is correct.
Don't force anyone